Whenever you initialize a week map you can do it in a very similar way to how you would do a normal
or a strong map if you will.
So what we'll do is make a couple of objects so will be key one which isn't.
B.J. and then key too which will also be an object.
And then after that we'll go ahead and make our week map said equal to new week map like so.
And then what we can do is pass in an array and every item in the array must itself be an array where
the key is a non-null object and the value can be anything you want any kind of data type or anything.
So then we'll do another one key too and we'll set that equal to.
Do you like so.
Now there are some limitations as with weak sets as to what methods you can access.
So for example you can't use clear because that would require you to iterate or enumerate I should say.
And you can't do that with weak maps or weak sets but you do have access to haves and also get.
So we can cancel that log week map has key one and that'll print out true and we'll copy this.
And you can also do get as well and you can even do delete like so.
So what do we map delete and then pass in Q1 and then we'll run all of our checks again.
You can't do.
Clear.
And you also can't access the Size property just two things to keep in mind.
And but aside from that you can initialize them like you normally would and you have some of these basic
methods still available to.